What is a render resource?

A render resource is a wrapper for a render object. It also tracks references and lifetime, and knows its producer and resource definition. When a resource is not

What is a resource ticket?

A resource ticket points to a resource. It is used to tell the resource manager which resource various operations should be performed on.

What does declaring a resource do?

Declaring a resource makes the resource manager create a new virtual resource that does not yet hold an actual value. Passes should declare all resources they plan on creating during execution in the preperation step.

What does referencing a resource do?

Referencing is similar to declaring, except it acts on an existing resource. It tells the resource manager that that resource will be used in the future. This is used by passes referencing resources produced by other passes.

What does acquiring a resource do?

Acquiring a resource either returns the actual object held by the resource if the resource is not virtual, otherwise creates and returns a new object or returns an existing unused object.

What does releasing a resource do?

Releasing indicates that the resource is not used by a pass anymore. Resources track how many passes are using them using declarations and references. Once a resource finds that all passes that declared or referenced it have also released it, the resource will be deleted, and the object held by the resource will be posted for reallocation.

What does setting a resource as constant do?

This command does not actually change the resource, but it does set a flag on the object held by the resource (if the resource is not virtual) indicating that the object should not be reallocated for the remainder of rendering. The Attribute pass uses this to ensure that user-provided or user-consumed objects do not change unexpectedly.

What does setting a resource as undefined do?

Setting a resource as undefined makes it real (not virtual) but unable to hold an actual object. This is used by the Attribute pass when no (non-null) value is provided for output. Exceptions can occur if a pass attempts to acquire (without using an optional acquire) an undefined resource.

What is a resource definition?

A resource definition determines how new objects should be built or how existing objects should be adapted for the resource the definition is assigned to. It also defines how the resource and object should be handled in various situations.

